"Nobody Makes Sense"
The night is dawning. I wake up
in the morning. I hurt my neck.
There is my own self residing
within this body. I talk to you. I eat breakfast.
I put on clothes. All of that feels uncanny.
Something’s weird. It’s weird, it’s weird, it’s weird.
I pass through the ticket gate.
Everything’s so peaceful, so peaceful,
so peaceful, so naturally peaceful, it’s almost funny.
Cats are usually called Tama, for no particular reason.
Dogs are usually called Pochi, for no particular reason.
The world, the world seems to be on the verge of ending, for no particular reason.
I’m melting into the afterglow
while carrying my own existence.
For what are we living? For what are we trying so hard?
There might be nothing, nothing, nothing to it.
It might be all useless.
In a thousand years, there won’t be anything left,
but I still hope I could keep on smiling with you,
because nobody makes sense. Nobody makes sense.
The moon is rising. The stars are shining.
The bugs are hopping. I’m looking at that.
Huh? How long have I been here for?
How much longer can I remain here?
Unable to become anyone of consequence,
all I’m doing is running away from monsters.
Conjuring the mental picture inside my own prison, I find my blocked trains of thought filled with enemies
Even now, the name of the first son is still Tarō,
but nowadays, the name of the second son is Hanako.
Time, time just somehow passes by
as I gaze at the starry sky,
all the while buried in a garbage dump.
For what do we love? For what do our hearts race?
There might be nothing, nothing, nothing to it.
It might be all a lie.
I’m not even sure what is 1+1, but still,
I want to keep protecting you,
because nobody makes sense.
Nobody makes sense.
Even then, we still catch our breath
when passing through a tunnel.
We still fold paper cranes.
We still touch the paws of our pets.
We still step only on the
white parts of the zebra crossings.
Even then, we still do things that are wrong.
We’re still bent on thinking that it’s right.
We’re smart, that’s why we knew it.
Again, we think to ourselves that we get it.
For what are we living? For what are we trying so hard?
There might be nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing to it.
Nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing to it.
But even so, there’s no choice but to do it.
For what are we living? For what are we trying so hard?
There might be nothing, nothing, nothing to it.
It might be all useless.
In a thousand years, there won’t be anything left,
but I still hope I could keep on smiling with you.
Even when our dreams have come true;
even when we have become enlightened,
in the end, we might still end up with loneliness.
Even when we’ve turned into ghosts;
even when we’ve returned to nothingness,
I still hope I could keep on smiling with you,
Because nobody makes sense.
That’s right, nobody makes sense.
That’s right, because nobody makes sense.